Are you Prince Kiki?
This woman is my ex-wife
He climbed into your bed before we divorced
We shouldn't be in a hurry
He doesn't deserve you at all.
That's right, and he also pretended to be a naked master to deceive the prince
You have to give justice to the wives and such a big deal
He released such a big deal
Why haven't I heard of it?
Who doesn't know how many people have offended him?
But you go quietly
We caught him sneaking around the nude master's office last time
His new product launch this time must have been stolen.
And he did it to avenge his brother's abandonment of you
What do you mean?
The wind and rain keep talking about you.
Blind but honest business
He can also help you maintain your dignity
But you're walking further and further on the edge of blindness
So much so that you have to be willing to save
He's not blind anymore.
Instead, look at the true face of this woman
In order to provoke people to stay together, Bai Feng can't afford all means to destroy me
Prince, he is a scourge
When the white wind and rain are there
Your company is thriving
You don't value him
Do it!
Now all the employees around you have left except this green tea.
Who is the scourge?
You can't tell the difference